what's going on guys welcome back to w2k
15 showcase mode dlc hall of pain the
finale we have reached the final match
match number nine in the 2k showcase
mode East Rutherford New Jersey
WrestleMania 29 the WrestleMania that I
was actually at in person my first-ever
WrestleMania and it's Mark Henry versus
Ryback I do remember this match since I
was there this was actually very good
WrestleMania was my first ever live
WrestleMania that I got to go to in
person
showing it
I like how we finally get to unlock this
arena it's actually really really cool
looking arena mania 29 headlined by what
Rock and Cena - was a was the main event
punk and Undertaker that was that was
definitely matching tonight one of the
matches were on this car the shield
versus with the shield fight I think it
was like Orton Big Show and Sheamus or
something like that
six-man tag match what else was on me
those are probably the highlights of it
not the greatest WrestleMania of all
time but made a lot to me cuz my first
live one I'll be right back
nice Rybak baby see wait I'm here the
banner at the bottom no it's really good
theory no it's awesome - this is really
cool I approve of this arena you know
that he's ready
all right Hall of pain
we've reached the finale people Ryback
and Mark Henry at WrestleMania
critically damaged Ryback don't mind if
I do
let's see submissions are the best way
to get to get some critical damage going
especially from how strong Mark Henry is
it was a little bit easier on Daniel
Bryan then it's gonna be on on Ryback
that's for damn sure but um still
shouldn't be shouldn't be too much of a
challenge
Oh see he's already lightly damaged got
him in that light damage now let's get
that moderate damage how do you stop
look at this look at this imagine being
in that home imagine Mark Henry having
you in that hole look moderate damage
moderate damage moderate David oh so
close to critical so close that's how
strong he is that's how quick you can
get people in friggin critical damage
consecutive reps to go into the ring oh
my god the big headbutt and look at that
greatly damaged already it's like I
should hurt him a little bit more just
to make sure it'll hold goodness just to
make sure we can finish the match when
it's necessary and of course Mark Henry
got away with a boot boot boot man 5 X
has a squirter Irish whip him into any
corner
oh he reversed it Oh
oh look at oh look at Mark Henry just
make his way back in the ring here we go
to the corner and a powerhouse Ryback
now stalking the world Strongest Man and
King March Henry man's met his match
right about there we've wondered for
Bloods who could stop or even slow down
mark mark man on his back and now can
rybak capitalize can the big guy
capitalize the big guy sighs he's ready
to end this match Ryback is stalking
Mark Henry is he gonna be able to do
this jig is he gonna be able to get that
400-pound frame up on his shoulders for
shell shock oh man oh damn defeat Ryback
via pinfall
well then squash them squash them right
on his face is that gonna be enough
one two two and three
oh man and just like that Ryback 2013
unlocked WrestleMania 29 arena unlocked
we have done it people mark in
WrestleMania 29 attire all unlocks have
been completed in the 2k15 2k showcase
Hall of pain DLC
that's what I do
here we go and the final cutscene awaits
us from Olympic star to superstar my
name is Mark Henry a man who's battled
on an international stage an unstoppable
force of unparalleled devastation
in this dainty intensity and destruction
about the Hall of Fame
bang
to lose
a lifetime of glory and the legacy of
pain